Export with labels - improvement on exports (#741)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/md/imports-exports/exports.md

| Date format        | Defines the format used for dates in the exported file |
| Delimiter     | Defines the character to delimit the fields in the CSV file |
| Enclosure   | Defines the character for the field enclosure in the CSV file |
| With header             | Defines if the first line of the exported file contains the columns names |

> | Export with labels       | Define if the export file displays values' labels instead of values' codes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Export with labels       | Defines if the export file displays values' labels instead of values' codes |
```

> | Headers with labels       | Define if the export file displays headers' labels instead of headers' codes* |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Headers with labels       | Defines if the export file displays headers' labels instead of headers' codes* |
```

> | File locale       | Define the locale in which labels are displayed* |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| File locale       | Defines the locale in which labels are displayed* |
```

| Export files and images | Disable the media archiving of images, images will not be exported in the file and the image column will not be present in the export |
| Number of lines per file | Defines the limit number of lines per file for XSLX export |

> *Only visible if the option `Export with labels` has been turned on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Only visible if the option `Export with labels` has been activated.
```

> *Only visible if the option `Export with labels` has been activated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Only visible if the option `Export with labels` has been activated.
```

::: warning

> If you decided to export your file with labels, it won't be possible to import the file back into the PIM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you export your file with labels, it is no longer possible to import it back in the PIM.
```

:::

> In the case of products and published products exports, you will see that there is an additional tab called `Content`. In this tab, you will be able to define precisely which product or published product data you want to export. To find out more about this feature called `Product export builder`, take a look at this [article about Product Export Builder](product-export-builder.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case of products and published products exports, you will see that there is an additional tab called `Content`. In this tab, you will be able to define precisely which products or published products data you want to export. To find out more about this feature called `Product export builder`, take a look at this article about [Product Export Builder](product-export-builder.html).
```

| Delimiter     | Defines the character to delimit the fields in the CSV file |
| Enclosure   | Defines the character for the field enclosure in the CSV file |
| With header             | Defines if the first line of the exported file contains the columns names     |
| Export with labels       | Define if the export file displays values' labels instead of values' codes |

> | Headers with labels       | Define if the export file displays headers' labels instead of headers' codes |

Reviewer 3: Maybe add an example (Ie column Family is translated in french in “Famille”)

| File locale       | Define the locale in which labels are displayed |
| Export files and images | Disable the media archiving of images, images will not be exported in the file and the image column will not be present in the export |
| Number of lines per file | Defines the limit number of lines per file for XSLX export |

::: warning

> If you decided to export your file with labels, it won't be possible to import back the file into the PIM.

Reviewer 3: To import the file back into the PIM ?
